docs/functions/math.md, before:

# Math Functions

| Name and Description |
| --- |
| `abs(x: integer): integer`<br />`abs(x: float): float`<br />`abs(x: numeric): numeric`<br /><br /> Absolute value. |
| `degrees(rad: integer): float`<br />`degrees(rad: float): float`<br /><br /> Converts radians to degrees. |
| `pi(): float`<br /><br /> "Pi" constant. |
| `power(a: integer, b: integer): integer`<br />`power(a: float, b: float): float`<br />`power(a: integer, b: float): float`<br />`power(a: float, b: integer): float`<br /><br /> a raised to the power of b. |
| `radians(deg: integer): float`<br />`radians(deg: float): float`<br /><br /> Converts degrees to radians. |
| `random(): float`<br /><br /> Returns a random value in the range 0.0 <= x < 1.0. |
| `round(x: integer): float`<br />`round(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Rounds to nearest integer. |
| `sqrt(x: integer): float`<br />`sqrt(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Square root. |

## Trigonometric Functions

| Name and Description |
| --- |
| `cos(x: integer): float`<br />`cos(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Cosine, argument in radians. |
| `sin(x: integer): float`<br />`sin(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Sine, argument in radians. |
| `tan(x: integer): float`<br />`tan(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Tangent, argument in radians. |

Commit message:

Add Floor and Ceiling functions

docs/functions/math.md, after:

# Math Functions

| Name and Description |
| --- |
| `abs(x: integer): integer`<br />`abs(x: float): float`<br />`abs(x: numeric): numeric`<br /><br /> Absolute value. |
| `ceiling(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Nearest integer greater than or equal to argument (same as ceil). |
| `degrees(rad: integer): float`<br />`degrees(rad: float): float`<br /><br /> Converts radians to degrees. |
| `floor(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Nearest integer less than or equal to argument. |
| `pi(): float`<br /><br /> "Pi" constant. |
| `power(a: integer, b: integer): integer`<br />`power(a: float, b: float): float`<br />`power(a: integer, b: float): float`<br />`power(a: float, b: integer): float`<br /><br /> a raised to the power of b. |
| `radians(deg: integer): float`<br />`radians(deg: float): float`<br /><br /> Converts degrees to radians. |
| `random(): float`<br /><br /> Returns a random value in the range 0.0 <= x < 1.0. |
| `round(x: integer): float`<br />`round(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Rounds to nearest integer. |
| `sqrt(x: integer): float`<br />`sqrt(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Square root. |

## Trigonometric Functions

| Name and Description |
| --- |
| `cos(x: integer): float`<br />`cos(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Cosine, argument in radians. |
| `sin(x: integer): float`<br />`sin(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Sine, argument in radians. |
| `tan(x: integer): float`<br />`tan(x: float): float`<br /><br /> Tangent, argument in radians. |
